It is 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shanzhen,
and here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China Show. I'm David Ingles. Let's
uh count you down to the open of markets
in greater China and get to your top
stories today. As you can see, the
bullish momentum across these equity
markets taking hold as we wind down
2025. Stocks on the up across the Asia
Pacific while a gauge of global shares
is set for its best year since 2019
after hitting a fresh closing record.
We're looking in on the end firming as
the finance minister Satsuki Katayama
tells Bloomberg exclusively that Japan
has a free hand to act against currency
speculation.
and China Vancouver averting a default
after winning creditor support to extend
a bond repayment grace period.
Good morning. Welcome to the show. Hope
you're all well. Equity markets are
still up and uh I don't mean that with
any negative connotation. So you you you
do the count it's four days on the
global benchmark that's two on the Asian
benchmark. The reason I caveat that so
early in the show is as you can see the
yen is moving well the nicke is moving
the opposite way of most uh of the
benchmarks out there right now. And a
lot of that might have to do with a
stronger currency which we'll get to uh
in a moment there. S&P futures up ever
so slightly. in Taiwan and coming online
half of 1%. We do have of course coming
today export orders and of course that
is in some ways really a good proxy for
AI demand. Also on Taiwan City just out
upgrading Taiwan downgrading China to
neutral. We'll talk more about that call
out of city that out in the last few
minutes or so in a moment. Flip the page
please. We talked about the yen. I
promise you we'll talk about the yen.
dollar, yen, euro yen, two and 10 on
your screens. As you can see, we're
firming on both. I would imagine we're
firming uh against all major peers right
now following of course what we had uh
and commentary coming through. Some very
strong comments coming through out of
the finance minister. More on that in a
moment. Uh commodities very much in
focus on Monday, still in focus today.
Get this, 50
record closes
on gold this year. Not to even mention,
gold's underperformed where we are with
silver with, you know, at about 70
bucks, let's call it. We're now nearing
150% on the silver latt in 2025. Uh
we're about just over 50 bucks away from
that 12,000 milestone as it pertains to
copper. And of course, we're looking at
things like Jaxi copper, the copper
contract in Shanghai uh on the back of
that rally separately in in the metal.
In fact, just on a very note, let's have
a look at copper. What were you doing
there? There we go. Thank you so much. A
quarter 1% to the upside. Futures are
flat slightly to the upside and of
course dollar China we're still waiting
on seven. We are very close to seven. We
could be a very good a good one or two
days away uh from that point in time.
Hence the fix will be very much in focus
this hour. Weaker than expected fix
yesterday or we on the weaker side of
things. Let me just caveat that. Um but
that did of course still lead to some
gains there on the back of some dollar
weakness. Speaking of currencies, let's
talk about Japan and the finance
minister and the comments there coming
through the strongest warning yet uh to
currency speculators telling Bloomberg
that officials have a free hand to take
action. Satsuki Katayyama spoke
exclusively to us in Tokyo.
Foreign exchange markets don't move only
on interest rates or rate differentials.
Especially toward the end of the year
around Christmas, trading tends to get
thin and many factors can drive the
yen's moves. But the yen's sharp, very
short-term movement right as the BOJ
governor began his press conference last
Friday, that was clearly not in line
with fundamentals, but rather
speculative. Against such moves, we have
made clear that we will take bold action
as stated in the Japan US finance
minister's joint statement.
>> Now that the Bank of Japan has moved to
raise interest rates, the next focus is
clearly on whether the government will
step in with foreign exchange
intervention. How do you see it?
>> We have an agreement with the United
States that allows us to intervene
whenever the yen makes an excessive
move. That means we have a free hand.
In the past, a finance official has
called a 10yen move in a little more
than a month excessive. So, what kind of
time frame and magnitude would you
consider a sharp or disorderly move? Is
there any benchmark you use to assess
that?
>> I can't say definitively whether there's
a benchmark or not. I worked closely
with currency chiefs during my 20 years
at the finance ministry and I've stayed
in close touch with many of those who
came after I left. Each situation is
different, so it would be wrong to
expect the same pattern every time.
>> Trading tends to thin out around the
year end and new year period. Is it fair
to say that the authorities are fully
prepared to respond if
>> we always ready to act? That goes
without saying.
>> When it comes to a question of a certain
degree of fiscal discipline, there are
various ways to interpret that. for
example, how much the government relies
on bond issuance or how much JGBs it'll
issue. Could you share a bit more on how
you're thinking about these points?
>> I can't give you specific numbers, but
even after the supplementary budget was
passed, we made it clear that the total
amount of government bond issuance,
which after all is what puts pressure on
the market, did not increase. At this
time, we're talking about the initial
budget for fiscal year 2026. We're
confident that it won't be something
that places an undue burden on the
market either.
>> There are concerns in the market that
Japan's fiscal position may be
deteriorating. What message would you
like to send in response to those
concerns?
>> By switching to active fiscal policy, we
knew before we started that in the first
fiscal year, some of the finance numbers
would deteriorate. But that isn't the
problem. We've spent 10, 20, even 30
years in a situation where economic
growth barely picked up no matter what
we did. There's no point in just doing
the same things as before. We need to
make a decisive shift to concentrate
resources and boost our growth
potential. I believe we'll see a strong
pickup in investment next year. And if
you look at projected tax revenues for
next year and the year after, I think
what looks like fiscal deterioration now
will prove to be only temporary.
And that was the Japanese finance
minister Satsuki Katayyama speaking
exclusively with our colleague Tak
Takashi Omawa there in Tokyo really on
arguably I would say the the biggest
market story in the last let's call it
18 hours or so. Massive swing down in in
dollar yen. We talked about euro yen. It
brings to mind and when you look at the
price I'm gonna ask my producers to
bring up the first board we showed with
Asia-Pacific X Japan and then the NK it
just goes to show a stronger currency
and the pull that might have across
equity markets and how do we think about
that as a risk to an equity market like
Japan that's done exceptionally well at
200% since the bottom back in 2020 2020
as you can see we're flat on the nicke
we're up slightly on Asia x Japan 310 of
1% Ken Wong is with us here on set Asia
Pacific Asian equity a portfolio
specialist at Espring Investments. Good
morning, sir. Nice to see you.
>> Morning.
>> Some folks have told us that a stronger
yen or a rally in the yen is is is
somewhat of a risk that people are
sleeping on when you look at equity
markets. Do you subscribe to that? How
do you look at the the currency?
>> Yeah, I think overall, you know, I think
a lot of investors, you know, especially
the old school ones are always concerned
that you do have a strong yen
potentially that does, you know, sort of
negate potentially some of the gains
that you might see within the equity
markets. Yeah, for us ultimately it's
more about, you know, sort of the bottom
line. You know, especially when we're
seeing a lot of improvements over the
past few years when we're looking at
Japan as a whole, we look at the
improvements in overall corporate
governance. We see specifically how
overall uh return on equity has
improved. Overall, when you look at
market valuations against maybe some of
the other developed markets like the US,
it is still more attractive. So, I think
investors are seeing sort of the
benefits as to investing in Japan. And
because of that, that's why we've seen
these strong rallies within the Japanese
markets over the past few years. Dave,
>> yeah, let me borrow your your your the
concept you used there. Some of the the
old school uh players looking at the
market, right? So, the reason I bring it
up is when you look at the market like
Japan,
>> it it's behaving more like an AI play,
right? I'm not sure what the waiting
there of the AI representation in Japan
and is you know with as we look at
bubble risks in AI is that is that an
issue in Japan more than the end the
fact that it is you have a bigger
representation now with space
>> I think we're calling more of AI fatigue
as as opposed to a bubble but then when
you look at overall AI exposure Japan is
roughly around 35 to 40% of it market
cap so it is fairly big similar to where
we were seeing in regards to China is
also very similar bigger ones is going
to be uh Korea
>> as well as Taiwan which will have bigger
exposure towards AI. So if there is a
bit of a pullback in regards to let's
say overall AI capex or if specifically
earnings trajectory around the whole AI
ecosystem does starts to deter then of
course there will be some risk but
overall you know when we're looking at
2026 when we're talking to companies and
when we're asking around their overall
capex spend around AI related technology
it's still there. So overall, you know,
even though we have seen a bit of a
pullback, you know, more recently around
sort of some of the fatiguess around AI,
we think that 2026 is still going to be
fairly robust because overall companies
are still spending quite a bit of capex
around AI.
>> It's the delta though in the change in
the capex, right? If you go from 110
billion to about 90 billion, still a big
number, but people are going to go all
right, they're stopping spending now.
>> Are you not concerned over that? Not at
the not at the moment, but it is
something definitely to continue to
watch out for specifically, you know, in
terms of, you know, where companies are
going to be providing guidance. You
know, we're at the end of the year and
then, you know, over the next few months
when companies report their fullear
earnings results, a lot of these
questions will be asked. You know, what
are their views around AI and where we
going to go from there?
>> The a final one or two questions on
Japan here. the the economic policy of
this the new prime minister and of
course you have we just heard about the
commentary around the finance from the
finance ministry there is everything out
is everything clear from a market's
perspective do we have a good
understanding now of what the policy
still pursuing how that affects the
market
>> no I think there's still going to be a
lot more we definitely still need to see
more in terms of what the government
will be doing in 2026 to you know
specifically see where the yen is going
to continue to head more importantly
also where the BOJ is going to continue
to head going forward as well because
ultimately I think it's going to be
important to see kind of overall
inflation levels, overall economic
levels, wage levels. Are we going to
continue to see specifically, you know,
stronger than expected growth? And of
course, you know, it's also going to be
very important to see, you know, kind
all the geopolitical tensions
potentially could have an impact in
terms of the overall Japanese economy in
2026 as well.
>> Yeah, that's right. That's a good
problem to have, not geopolitics, but
you know, stronger growth, higher
inflation. But speaking of the latter
point, China Japan tensions, how is that
going to play out in the earning story
in Japan specifically?
>> Yeah, it's going to be, I think, a very
important thing to see in 2026 to see
specifically whether or not this is
going to continue to play out because we
did see this about a decade, a little
bit over a decade ago. You remember
where there's been a lot of embargos
within China in terms of, you know, not
even eating in Japanese restaurants or
even Japanese related restaurants, not
buying Japanese cars. Remember that
embargo? you know the whole rising sun
>> embargo exactly right so in that
particular sense I think you know it's
going to be a wait and see approach to
see kind of where things go you know in
the next few months to see whether or
not that will have an impact but
certainly you know if let's say that
it's not just necessarily travel related
right now which is I think that initial
part but if there is going to be certain
restrictions on let's say Japanese
imports from you know sort of going into
or Japanese exports going into China
then of course that will have an impact
but I think over the next couple months
It's going to be very well worth
watching to see kind of where things at
and it's again if it does impact more
than tourism then we're going to have to
kind of see how that's going to have an
overall impact on Japanese economy.
>> Yeah, unfortunately a lot of people are
in Japan these days. So maybe we can get
some anecdotal evidence. Ken Wong will
be rejoining us in a couple of minutes
or he espe uh investments. We're
counting down to the open of trade. Hong
Kong, Shanghai and in Shenzhen 310 to 1%
on the overall Asian benchmark x Japan
futures coming up bottom of your
screens. The fix is coming through in
about 2 minutes or so. Estimates there.
Opening about 16 minutes away or so.
This is the China show. Good morning.
Right. Welcome back. Just in time. Well,
about 24 seconds late, but that is just
to say um just about in time for the
fix. There we go. Bottom of the screen,
70523.
It's clearly on the weaker side of
estimates. It's really the delta from
the previous day. And when you compare
that to Friday, uh market is somewhat
adjusting on the weaker side of things,
but you take a step back, it wasn't too
long ago, maybe just over a week or so,
we were at 7073 706, right? So 703 is uh
on the stronger side of things. Um that
is also to say the fix is one thing
we're tracking today in the onshore
market. Specifically the China X has
been on a tear. Um so we're looking at
that. We'll get you a chart in a moment
there which shows you actually how much
it's actually outperformed uh the Hen
Tech index. Um CSI 300 Shanghai comp
testing 50-day moving averages. Uh we
talked about the copper rally. So we had
the likes of Jangy Copper in focus. the
yuan strength we talked about that uh
henv which is something we flagged
yesterday 4 and a half year low on that
volumes have also been on the thinner
side I guess it doesn't help that we are
about a day and a half to Christmas uh
van averting a default and of course
Kathy Pacific I believe was a filing um
late yesterday after the close certainly
if I'm not mistaken uh the second
consecutive year of a profit so we'll
look at that very very closely as well
when we do get that underway still with
us here on set is Ken Wong, Asia Pacific
portfolio specialist at Espring uh
investments. Why don't we pick up on the
A and H share? Should we call it a
rotation, a rebalancing? What's going on
in the last, let's call it three, four
weeks?
>> Yeah, I think the fact is is that when
you look at the beginning of the year,
you know, eight shares were doing very
well. There was a very strong push
around a lot of the AI, you know, tech
related names within the offshore China
stock sectors. But then in the past
couple of weeks and I would say past
couple months actually we definitely
have seen a lot more rotation around
Asshares. The fact is is that a lot of
the Asure stocks were underperforming
relative to the Hong Kong listed shares.
Okay.
>> As a result and of course also of strong
pickup interest around the domestic
investor base in China. That's kind of
where we've definitely have seen a lot
more shrink pushing up, you know, sort
of where the CSI 300 level is as
compared to where we were even just from
a few months ago.
>> So, we're wrapping up the year with
clearly the big
>> big tech names have done well, correct?
Particularly if you're associated with
AI, the hardware goes into that bucket.
Materials separately, but it's also
somewhat an AI play
>> in terms of the energy and financials.
Will those buckets continue to lead uh
performance next year? Yeah, I mean
right now if you look at our overall
China portfolios right now, we do have a
fairly I would say a bit more of an
overweight position towards some of the
financials especially the non-banking
financials. We think you know sort of
having a bit lower beta to wrap up the
year especially you know sort of the
strong year that we've had during you
know for most of 2025 that's been a very
good strategy in particular when you
look at materials in addition to the AI
play the fact is is that when you talk
about energy we also have to look at CPI
the fact is is that CPI has definitely
started to pick up has started to
trending upwards that does help material
stocks as well and again around it place
there is still definitely still interest
around there but I think looking at
better entry points looking at
valuations and I think more importantly
looking at specifically more policy
supports in 2026 is going to be
important as well because I think over
the past couple months the markets is
they've been waiting for more policy
support more stimulus to come from the
Chinese government in order to see
specifically what sectors will stand to
benefit I think right now that's why
investors are you know quietly waiting
on the sidelines to see kind of where
things will head towards in 2026 around
policies
>> yeah I think that the point you're
making our producers are just throwing
this chart which is the swap spread I
think five and one which does show you
some reflation is starting to come
through uh in in the rates market. Does
the macro improve materially next year
because that seems to still be the
sticking point that some people are
still have question marks over.
>> I think around consumption is always
going to be a very key point. The fact
is is that when you look at if we're
going to target around that four and a
half, you know, 5% GDP target, if we can
get to those levels,
>> it's going to be very important to see
kind of where consumption will be at the
end of next year. The fact is is that
overall net exports, you know, that's a
bit of a question mark as to, you know,
kind of where we're going to be with net
exports because given all the
geopolitical tensions, tariffs, and so
forth, that's still a big question mark.
The fact is is that investments, you
know, can investments continue to drive
economic growth in China, you know, for
the foreseeable future? That's not also
a viable solution as well long term,
right? The fact is is that consumption
does have to come in. Overall, high-end
consumption in China has started to pick
up as a result of the stock markets,
right? Stock markets, the wealth effect.
>> Exactly. The wealth effect has
definitely helped specifically more of
the higherend good items. But I think
more importantly as well in 2026, jobs,
wage growths, kind of where those things
are going to be for China. I think
that's going to be a key driver. If we
can continue to see more job growths, if
we can see more wage growth, if the
stock market continues to be on a
similar trajectory as what we've seen
this year, it's going to really help I
would say overall consumption levels
because it seems as though you know
overall it's still I would say
especially around sort of the more
consumer staple products and some of the
more the lower- end consumer
discretionary products. Yep. There needs
to be be a pickup on that. And so we're
gonna try to see specifically where
things will be kind of over the next
couple quarters to see whether or not
kind of Chinese economy can kind of have
that revival, have that recovery in
terms of getting up to that 5% but more
driven by consumption as opposed to net
exports or investments.
>> What's what's interesting about that
point you just made was a theme that's
emerged parallel to the softening of the
macro data and I'll just Yeah. And then
we don't have to talk specifically but
say more threads right a lot of the
onshore specific chip lace have started
to list you saw how good they're doing
in the primary in the secondary market
on the first day and I wonder whether
we're entering a new phase where
Chinese midcaps future large caps maybe
is the way to play the market in the
Asian market. Are you guys looking more
closely at how play the AI play? No,
it's it's it's something that we've been
looking at, you know, not necessarily
you're not only looking at the CSI 300,
you know, as kind of the stocks that you
can invest in, right? Domestically,
there's a lot more 5,000 names on the A
shares. So those 300 CSI 300 stocks
aside, there's still 4,700 stocks within
the Asare market and a lot of those
specifically you as you mentioned
earlier, you know, even some of the
stocks listed in Shenzhen, China, you
know, Shenzhen has been the outperformer
this year as opposed as compared to
Shanghai. The fact is is that that has
been partially because of the AI play.
So for us investing within China that
mid and small cap space is also
definitely a way to go because even the
mid small caps within the domestic China
a shares are very liquid. So sometimes
the concerns around liquidity you know
are you able to really get in and out of
those positions as needed that's not
really a problem.
>> Yeah. Well especially for a big player
like you guys where you tend to move the
markets the Okay. So we we'll we'll have
some final thoughts with Ken Wong in a
moment. He'll be rejoining us out of
Espring Investments. Just to mention and
just on that last point we were just
talking about there, right? Trading
debuts along the AI play. This is one
Hong Kong here. I think we're doing
well. Just kind of coming up on your
screens. There we go. 300%
on behind
index futures are pointing also slightly
to the upside. Last we checked. Dollar
China has been on the weaker side from
the fixing. still stronger of course on
the cut off and that's an extremely
liberal and generous description there.
6 minutes well 7 minutes to the opening
bell plenty more ahead. This is the
China show.
Bri, welcome back. A check. Uh you have
some trading debuts today. Some doing
better than others.
Quite a substantial move either either
side of zero. We'll we'll check in on
these names in a couple of minutes.
These tend to have of course fairly
substantial moves. I should tell you
this time yesterday the debuts that did
hit the market yesterday saw substantial
losses uh in the opening minutes and
then of course started to come off lows
towards the end of uh the session. Okay.
So we will table that for now and just
have a look at the copper place on the
back of the copper rally. Copper in
Shanghai. You have the London one which
is as you can see we're coming off highs
but 12,000 right very much in in focus.
We're about probably a good day away uh
from that milestone. Uh JCI copper I
think was up 5% yesterday for the 1.3%
right now. Zigin Mining of course is
both let let's just call it a material
prey right so you have you have you have
the gold story in case you missed that
it's the headline on one of the
Bloomberg stories today 50 record highs
on gold this year and gold's
underperformed silver I think by a
factor of
half. Silver's up 150% give or take this
year. U Yep. And going into the open
today 310 to 1% to the upside. Hanging
index A50 future slightly flat. We've
seen this rotation of course back into
the Asia markets. And that charts I'll
show you in the moment on the China
index is coming up after the opening
bell. That's coming up next. S is
plumber.
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show
counting down to the open trade. A
couple of things, right? out if you are
fans of moving averages. We're knocking
on the door of of one specific one on
the Shanghai comp and CSI 300 to the
upside, right? So, let's see whether or
not we do get a substantial and a
sustained break above that level. Second
point, I think we're also looking at
overnight repo rates if I haven't woken
you up already. The fact that that
actually has uh traded near a 2-year
low, substantial volumes coming through
on that specific one on Friday. Hence,
we're looking at that, too. Thank you so
much, my producers. And also, the other
thing we're tracking going into the open
today, uh, oh, yes, I forgot. City was
out with a note just today here, um,
upgrading Taiwan
on the AI story, downgrading China to
neutral on the macro. So, we'll we'll
get into that. Uh, we're flat at the
open. China X is one, of course, we're
tracking. I'll get you a cool chart in a
moment on that specific one. Uh, do we
have copper? There we go. We're down
about a tenth of 1%. Uh, let's have a
look at Hong Kong, please. the opening
here and the hanging index. Hanging tech
did see somewhat of a bounce yesterday.
Uh I should note though if you squint
the the 50 I think it's the 50 day on
the hang is actually close to crossing
below the 100 not the 200 so the 100. So
that could be um a
mild bearish warning but that is just to
say momentum in the last few weeks has
ebed. Okay, just to borrow some verbiage
that we use here uh a lot. Okay, China
averting a default uh longer grace
periods. That's on one bond. We'll talk
more about some of the other things in a
moment there. A&H is on your screens.
Not much market reaction there. Um we're
also looking at this next group of
stocks coming up on your screens as well
here. And the reason we're looking at
that is that the former well the top one
says it's entered into a strategic
deal with the bottom one uh on in terms
of these large model AI applications um
somewhat expected of a move there uh 2
and a half% to the upside. Okay, as
promised we're looking at the next index
and this rotation rebalancing last few
weeks or so. ratio between the Hen Tech
and the ChinaX index. The chart goes up,
China is outperforming, the chart goes
down. Hangen Tech is outperforming and
we are nearing the highs that we hit of
course very very recently. China X has
really gained ground on the back of this
pivot into mainland Chinese AI place.
And for more on that story, joining us
here on sets is Sang Cha, Asia equities
reporter to tell us more about this
rally taking place. Take it away.
>> Right. So the CSI 300 index is after two
months of losses is now um heading for
um gains in December whereas the uh
Chinese stocks listed in Hong Kong are
you know extending their declines. And
what we're seeing here is basically not
the whole like wider wide broad recovery
but it's more of like a handful of
listings that are boosting uh
singlehandedly boosting the benchmark
basically. And we're talking about of
course Meta X um more threads. So we've
seen we've been talking about this the
whole week. But um these AI chip makers
are just boosting these um benchmark
right now. And behind that there is the
Beijing support. You know we're talking
about some serious money here. $70
billion Beijing is mulling to actually
uh put in there to bankroll these um
chipmaker industry. And so the fear is
just suddenly erased, right? the market
sees that and they're like, "Oh, there's
no way these companies are going to run
out of money." So, the rally just stays
there. And we're seeing that not
necessarily in just the money part, but
we're seeing that in the regulatory
action as well. So, uh Beijing is making
it easier for these companies to um go
public, right? So, uh there's um really
stringent rules for you to go public,
right? But they're easing those rules.
So even for companies that are
lossmaking and um even for approving
growth companies when it comes to China
like you mentioned just now um they're
making it a lot easier
>> folks that's the difference between
throwing money at a problem and
industrial policy. Uh what are specific
names we're tracking and is the rally
sustainable? What are you hearing? Yeah.
So after these uh blockbuster listings
um again as I mentioned Meta X and more
threads um we have um Inflame Technology
or BRN that we talked about yesterday.
So a bunch of these GPU makers that's
coming into market and it's just we're
seeing that broadening out of these
companies within the AI um hardware
space. Basically it's not just these
headline IPOs, but we're talking about
um Suzo um technology. It's it's one of
those um optical transceiver makers.
you're talking about optolink. So bunch
of other AI hard hardware uh that is
within the whole supply chain is
actually coming um coming into market
and there is that uh key prioritization
when it comes to you know localization
right uh the push for self-sufficiency
and even though um big US players like
Nvidia or AMD have the green light from
Washington to you know sell their chips
um lesser advanced chips to China uh
what Beijing is saying is they're
specifically telling ing their local
companies to go and buy the local
companies uh products. So there's that.
Now whether this rally is really
sustainable um although we have those um
you know policy support and so on um
we'll have to see uh we'll have to look
past their earnings and whether they can
really deliver but for now the downside
risk seems quite low.
>> Okay San thank you so much Chad Asia
equities reporter on what to watch. It's
almost like you're watching uh this this
freshman class that suddenly emerged
into on onto campus and then you're
browsing the new names that effectively
folks you got to get used to in the next
few years or so right uh just to wrap up
the year have a look at global equities
and how I think we're up a third year
and we're poised for the best since 2019
this is an annual performance of Msei
all country index against the backdrop
and performance of the sorts
Let's bring in some Ken Wong. Some final
thoughts. Aa, he's of course Asian
equity portfolio specialist at Espring
Investments after a year. Well, let's
call it the three-year window of this
sort of performance.
Basic question. What do I continue to
own and what do I need to rethink?
>> Yeah, I think that's a very great great
question. The fact is is that when you
look at 2026 and how we're currently
positioned right now overall when we're
looking at pockets of opportunities if
you're still really focusing on AI
definitely you know Taiwan, Korea,
Japan, China, US continues to be the key
play
>> but of course if we continue to start to
I wouldn't say continue but we start to
see even more AI fatiguess and the fact
is is that let's say overall AI capex is
slowing down. we talked about earlier
the delta and the fact is is that people
are concerned that the slowdown will
continue longer it's really going to be
some of those markets where there isn't
a lot of AI exposure India is a very
good case in point the fact is is that
Indian markets have very little AI
exposure
>> and overall this is one of the main
reasons why this year you've seen a
fairly big underperformance in the India
stock market but of course if we do
start to see let's say the India market
picking up again you're probably
starting to see some investors
especially
>> is that a canary in the coal mine when
you just saw it perform.
>> Yeah, there there's some of that
opportunity. The fact is that some of
that flows that's been going into places
like South Korea and Taiwan and also
partially China. If some of those flows
actually gets reallocated back into
India, then you're probably it's signs
that investors might starting to see hey
you know what we might need to diversify
a little bit away and move into some of
the other markets. So India is a very
good example. Southeast Asian markets
also have very little AI exposure. So I
would say that you know this is how you
would position your exposures
specifically around kind of AI and then
of course in China I think it's going to
be important to see you know what
further policies what further stimulus
we're going to be getting. I think right
now the weakness within the Hong Kong
markets are mostly a sign that investors
are waiting to see what is going to come
next. That's why for instance even for
ourselves we've been reducing some expos
some beta exposure just waiting to see
where that opportunity is going to be
you know as we go into 2026.
>> Let's let's bring in the macro which has
really helped the tailwinds right you
have rate cuts and the Fed has said
they've cut three times. They're not
sure when they'll cut next. We've heard
from other major central banks that
they're done with the cutting cycle if I
think Australia's flagged a potential
hike as the next move. If we try and dis
how do you distill the the the the
positive impact from monetary policy
into next year? What are the investing
conditions going to be like without the
tailwinds from lower rates? Yeah, that's
going to be a difficult I think
everybody's going to continue to watch
what the Fed is going to do
>> if potentially once we get the new Fed
chairman and then ultimately whether or
not we still get potentially these two
or three Fed, you know, sort of interest
rate cuts next year in 2026. You know, I
think then people will still have some
belief that hey, you know, this rally
can continue, especially that tailwind
can continue because of low interest
rates. But the fact is is that we're not
getting that and it's getting a bit more
difficult around let's say you know
lower cheaper funding costs that will be
a problem in 2026 potentially because
the fact is is that when you look at
overall market valuations across a lot
of the major stock markets valuations
are not that cheap relative to its own
history. Yeah. You look at all-time
stock index levels, a lot of markets
with the exception of China, India, and
some a few other Asian markets here,
they're close to their all-time highs
already, right? So, I think that's what
that's what investors have to look out
for, especially if that tailwind from
monetary policies is going to go away in
2026.
>> And what's the best leading indicator of
that? The dollar starting to the delta
and the dollar because dollar softness
has really helped.
>> Correct. Dollar softness has definitely
helped this year. Now, can we continue
to see that in 2026? Right.
>> I think for Asian markets or emerging
markets, that's going to be important.
Right? When you continue to see a weaker
US dollar, we have seen historically
over the past two, three decades that
Asian markets, emerging equity markets
always tends to perform well when you do
have that weakness in dollar.
>> Ken, fantastic speaking to you today
this year as well. I was going to say
have a great rest of year, but there's
seven days left, eight days. So, have a
great next week. Ken Wong there, Asian
equity portfolio specialist, Espring uh
investments. Okay. Uh let's have a look
at uh the the Vanc story now turning to
property in China. So uh the company has
secured a last well last minute support
from creditors to extend the grace
period as pertains to the bond there
certainly does help to avoid a default
at least for now. That's the operative
word. Let's bring in Minman China
correspondent here to take us through
the decision and the relief for now and
what was agreed on.
>> So it's got an an additional 30-day in
grace period. So we'll be revisiting
this issue in end January.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. It uh it asked for a deferment of
the principal payment by 12 months but
it didn't get the support it needs. It
needs 90% but it got 20% of support from
bond holders. Okay. So a month later
we'll be revisiting this to see whether
it managed to pay off its debt and if
not it could be in default and that
would trigger a cascade of different
things right cross default on other
bonds potentially because you can see on
this board that it still has another
bond payment due on December 28 3.7
billion UN is also asking bond holders
for deferment on that particular bond as
well and it still has a list of other uh
debt obligations in the next 6 months or
so. So, uh, yeah, suffice to say that it
has, uh, a lot of cash flow problems on
its heads.
>> That's that's interesting because they
needed 90% of the vote to get this past
the line. They got 20%. But I guess it
also depends on who owns the bond and
the how the the ownership of was was was
constructed, if you will, right? So c
can we take that same formula is my
question and look at the December 2020
uh December 28 bond and try and
extrapolate whether or not it will be
difficult for them to get the same vote
if in fact they are looking at that same
formula. Yeah, I think bond holders will
definitely be looking at what's
happening to this December 15 bond and
what how Vanka is dealing with it as a
signal for how they would uh decide on
how to deal with Vanka if it fails to
pay on the December 28 bond as well. Um
and right now there are some analysts
who are saying that it's better to call
a default earlier rather than keep
extending the grace period because Vanka
has many many important creditors. They
have Shenzhen Metro which extended about
13 billion 30 billion UN in shareholder
loans. It has all the big banks and
while Vanka gets this 30-day grace
period and it operates as usual. This is
time that these creditors could use to
try to you know lay claim on some of its
best priced assets because we had seen
for example Shenzhen Metro already doing
that by retroactively asking Vanka to
pledge some assets to previously
unsecured loans. So then that leaves
less and less assets for bond holders to
lay claim to.
>> Well, yeah, I I guess a grace period is
better than nothing, right? So we'll
we'll revisit this in about a month.
>> Yes, but some analysts are saying it's
probably an inevitable thing that they
will have to go through a restructuring
at some point.
>> It'll be a matter of if not of when, not
if.
>> At least it's not zero or or eggs as
they say. Minman, thank you so much.
Min, our China correspondent there. Uh a
brief look at markets before we take a
short break. CSI 300 is now flat. Hangen
is up about a tenth of 1%. Hangen Tech
is continuing to feel the pressure.
We'll look at Quao, I believe, which is
one of the uh drags on the benchmark
today. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Let's get you guys an
update of some stories that we're
tracking and we're following at this
point. JP Morgan making some moves here.
We'll talk about two things. We'll start
things off here with uh this endeavor uh
where the bank is said to be considering
offering cryptocurrency trading to its
institutional clients. Now, Bloomberg
has learned that a bank is assessing uh
what products and services it could
offer to expand its footprint in crypto.
Now the move is a sign of how banks have
warmed up to digital assets since a
crypto friendly administration took
office. Now JP Morgan asset management
is launching a private fund designed to
maximize after tax returns by get this
generating losses. Now, Asaurus says
that the tax smart disciplined equity
long short strategy takes bullish
positions in a basket of stocks while
also betting against certain companies
and that a so-called taxaware investing
is becoming one of the hottest trends in
wealth management as clients seek to
reduce their tax breaks.
Speaking of seeking to reduce, we'll
speak but not to interest rates and of
course Fed Governor Steven Myers says
that the central bank risks sparking a
recession unless it continues lowering
interest rates next year. Now he told
Bloomberg that the data on housing cost
was actually impacted by the government
shutdown. It is true that the shelter
stuff was somewhat distorted by some of
the quirks of the of recovering from the
shutdown. Um, but it's also true that
the shelter data were distorted for most
of the year because of really long lags
with which shelter inflation is
calculated. If you look at market rents,
they've been running at about a 1% rate
for about 2 years now, right? That's not
indicative of any price pressures in
housing whatsoever. But it takes a
really long time for measured shelter
inflation to catch up to that just
because of various quirks of the
statistical measurement process that I
got into my speech last week. So, I do
think there was maybe some downward bias
in last week's print, but at the same
time, there's been tons of upward bias
in data for the entire year, and it's
inappropriate to say, okay, well, we
have to adjust for the downward bias,
but we're going to accept the upward
bias. That itself is a deeply biased
position. We got to be clear, right
about both.
>> Well, do you feel like yourself
included, but do you feel like members
of the Fed are cherrypicking what about
inflation they like or dislike? Well, I
mean, you know, I think that for the
last few months, we've had data come out
in accordance with, I think, my view of
the world. The inflation data has
steadily come in cooler than
expectations. The unemployment rate has
has poked up potentially above where
people thought it was going to go. And
so, we've had data that should push
people into a dovish direction. And I
think it's somewhat problematic if you
see those data coming out and you don't
adjust your policy prescriptions in a
dovish direction. What does that say
about the reactiveness of policy to the
economy? It, you know, I think it looks
very, it reflects very poorly upon the
institution. At the end of that speech
at Colombia, you nodded to the fact that
uh recessions are inevitable. Fed's job
is to kind of forstall them as much as
as they can. Policy makers jobs are that
I'm I'm very curious when you look at
the labor market in particular, the rise
that we've seen in the unemployment
rate. That's kind of rise we've seen
customarily before recessions. How do
you assess the the risk of there being a
recession here in the near term when you
look at the labor market for instance?
>> So I don't see a recession in the near
term in part because we are adjusting
our policy rate uh by lowering it which
is appropriate. uh you know my view as
I've as I've described is that a ve a
variety of shocks that hit the economy
you know including changes to the
population growth rate due to changes in
the border policy have pushed what we
call the neutral rate down and that
policy needs to adjust downward to
reflect that downward shift in neutral
if we don't adjust policy down then I
think that we do run risks of rising
recess of rising recessions I don't
think it's too late to prevent that and
so I think it's important that we keep
on adjusting our policy rate down but at
the moment it's not my base case in part
because I think that we ultimately will
end up adjust continuing to adjust
interest rates down.
>> Fed governor there Steven of course
making the case for lower rates going
into next year. If you're one of our
bloomer clients and you want to rewatch
that full interview or others that we
might have done of course here on shows
some of the other segments and reports
do check it out. TV go is a function you
run also become part of the
conversation. you know how to reach us
TV go there's a little bit there's a box
there at the bottom where you can
effectively send us any suggestions tips
comments suggested questions questions
you wish us to pose to the guest check
it out TV go this is Bloomberg
Now to some other big stories we're
tracking today at this point. President
Trump says that a US Navy will build a
new Trump class battleship. Now he says
that they could build as many as 25
ships as part of the so-called golden
fleet. Uh it's a bid to revive US ship
building and compete against China,
which makes a majority of the world
ships. Now America has not built a heavy
gun battleship since the 1940s.
A senior Russian general has been killed
after a bomb exploded in his car in
Moscow. Fel Sarvarov was in charge of
operational training uh the department
there and the Russian general staff. Uh
investigators have opened a murder
inquiry and are looking into Ukrainian
involvement as a potential theory. Now
Cambodia and Thailand have agreed to
meet on Wednesday, that's tomorrow, if
you're keeping track here, to discuss
conditions for a ceasefire. The decision
came after foreign ministers from the
Southeast Asian nations met in Koala
Lumpur in Malaysia. At least 40 people
have been killed and half a million
display since hostilities resumed this
month, ending a July truce that halted
an earlier round of fighting. Now, the
US Federal Communications Commission
says it will ban most foreignade drones
and critical components for unmanned
aircraft systems. The new rules apply to
future imports and sales, not those
already in use. Now, the decision comes
ahead of a deadline for adding Chinese
drone maker DJI Tech to the AY's covered
entity list. Yep, massive player, of
course, DJI. We should be talking more
about that name. Guess we have the
opportunity to do that next year. Uh,
but speaking of that story, here we go
on your screen. Some of the names
related to that story uh and the broader
sector. listed on the mainlands. Not so
much, not a big movement there. Uh dairy
stocks, uh I think it was late on
Monday. If you are in the Asia Pacific,
uh China introducing
uh some levies as it pertains to dairy
imports from the EU. I think there's a
fantastic graphic in the story if you
want to check that out in terms of where
China is as far as the the it's it's
ranked in buyers of EU dairy all
throughout the world. 2% up to the
upside could benefit of course some of
the local players that's the initial
reaction across these markets uh the
biggest decline across the hanging index
quai on your screen shortly and I think
hence we did see of course this drag in
the underperformance of the hen tech
index relative to uh the other
benchmarks on screen uh 3.8% 8% as far
as that's concerned. Highland related
stocks also in focus. So we had a big
rally yesterday. I think we're seeing an
extension of that going into today. Uh
and we're looking at 10% 40%. Uh there's
some this is a typical and expected
dynamic between the names and what you
have as far as policy goes and of course
dutyfree policy and the optimism there
as a tourism hub in Hainan. Um, right.
Let's just have a look at how we're
doing 25 minutes into the cash market
session on a benchmark basis. It's it's
also worth pointing out at least for
three or four days, we've seen positive
probably I'll be fairly modest uh
southbound net flows into Hong Kong from
the mainland. So, the buying does
continue, but to the extent of course,
not to the magnitude and same magnitude
we've seen in recent months or so.
Hansing index at 10 to 1% we've been
rangebound. We remain rangebound as far
as the benchmark goes. Right. Speaking
of Hong Kong, coming up on the China
show, we'll have a closer look at the
property sector, commercial, retail, if
we have time, maybe residential. CBRE
joins us at those times on your screens
for for their outlook on the property
market here in Hong Kong in 2026. We'll
have a lot more on the way in the next
hour, including, of course, a wrap of
the Japanese morning session. You're
watching the China Show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show for about
a day, day and a half. Then it's
Christmas. So, a lot of our viewers of
course might be joining us from the
comforts of their home, at a bar, at a
beach. If you're perhaps mulling another
another cup of that mauled goodness,
have another one. Why not treat
yourself? It's been a good year, hasn't
it? For most of you, at least. Thank you
for joining us today. We're entering the
second hour of the China show. Uh
markets are doing okay. We're up two ten
of 1% on the CSI 300. In fact,
comparatively CSI, well, let's broaden
up. A shares versus a H shares onshore
versus offshore. Uh we've seen a revival
of the former relative to the latter. Is
that a rebalancing taking place here?
and the fact that the the latter has
done exceptionally well uh going into
the last month or so. We'll see what
happens with that. The play there of
course has been AI still on both sides
of the markets with the Chinx index and
of course Bell who I'll bring in in a
moment. Will uh know a lot more about
what's going on of course as far as the
chip place and listings and everything
in between this cornucopia of good news
if you will around the AI space in
mainland China. In fact, let's bring in
Bell on that note. She's in Sydney.
She'll be our co-anchor and co-pilot for
the rest of this hour. Bel, what you
watching?
>> What am I watching? I think I'm watching
commodities first actually because it's
been another strong day for for gold for
silver as well. I mean, you're looking
at silver. They were very close to that
$70 an ounce threshold. Gold futures as
well rising to an all-time high. So,
it's just those continuing geopolitical
tensions. You've got those further Fed
bets that are having a bearing here and
you're seeing as well reflected in Brent
crude prices. But let's also take a look
at what's happening in broader markets
today too because you mentioned that
optimism around tech and and certainly
that has been sort of the key theme that
we see across Asian equities. It does
seem like maybe we're finally actually
getting that Santa Claus rally just
given the the trading activity we had in
the Wall Street session as well. But
those tech heavy indexes Taiwan Cosby
are standing out there. And also let's
just take a look at at the the Vietnam
index because this is an interesting
one. Actually, Vietnam stocks uh really
rallied in the session on Monday, the
most since October, but some strong
singles signals there and our Bloomberg
intelligence team is saying that this
market is going to be one of the
standouts possibly uh in the Southeast
Asian region going into next year. Japan
to watch because this has been a big
one, but Japanese bonds are actually
pulling a little bit back from their
multi-year highs. So, for instance,
we've seen the 10-year JG GJB at the
high since 1999. that was in the Monday
session. But as well this speculation uh
that that we're going to be seeing the
BOJ needing to to raise rates more
aggressively certainly been that trading
dynamic. Whether of course they do that
or not uh is certainly another question,
but the Japanese yen also you can see
there just really holding around those
levels given you had that jawboning from
from government officials too. On that
point, we had an exclusive interview as
we've been playing this morning, but an
exclusive interview with the Japanese
finance minister. Let's take a listen.
>> The yen's sharp, very short-term
movement right as the BOJ governor began
his press conference last Friday.
That was clearly not in line with
fundamentals, but rather speculative.
Against such moves, we have made clear
that we will take bold action as stated
in the Japan US finance minister's joint
statement.
>> We have an agreement with the United
States that allows us to intervene
whenever the yen makes an excessive
move. That means we have a free hand.
>> Okay. um some I guess let's call it the
strongest warning yet to speculators of
maybe a currency to the point the
finance minister was making that's
probably danced a little bit too far
from the fundamental confines of the
fundamental dance floor. Steven Chu is
with us here on set. Our Bloomberg
Intelligence chief Asia FX and rate
strategist we saw nice to see you by the
way dollar yen moved not a lot but it
was a noticeable move down overnight
into today. Does it continue you think
this move?
>> It depends on the broad dollar move. I
think what's interesting regarding the
BOJ over the last two years is before
before 2024 2023 usually they will
counter the dollar rise when they
intervene. But the latest interfures now
they're actually doing it the other way.
They wait for the dollar to drop broadly
and then they intervene. So usually that
impact would be bigger to help the yen.
But of course now we have to see that
happening. I know market is waiting for
more fat cats but the dollar in general
is still holding up especially against
Asian currencies is still pretty strong.
So maybe despite the stronger tone they
want to wait for a little bit longer to
wait for that broad dollar sell off and
then they may have to hit the market
>> and and what does that look like Stephen
exactly hitting the market?
Yeah, I mean like if you ask me
certainly it's a little bit too cheap
the yen our model if you just look at
rate differential or other fundamental
matter dollar yen should be around 130
135 right now but actually we are closer
to 160 the level that we saw like two
years ago after some fat cuts after some
BOJ hikes and more to come next year
it's certainly too cheap the yen so I'm
sure they're waiting on the sidelines
they're just waiting for the best moment
to hit so if you ask me I think at least
towards 150 and below should be a
reasonable guess if they come into the I
can't.
>> Yeah, I was going to ask you actually
how do you how do you assess the you
know when they when they start
intervening the process isn't direct
intervention the markets right it's they
drop a hint here or there they take out
stronger language yes
>> every now and then where do you think we
are in in that
>> very close because usually if I remember
correctly the last warning will be like
they're checking the market rates
>> oh you know it's about to happen when
they do that
>> and then it's about to happen like a day
or two after that so we're waiting for
that final warning this time as well.
>> Okay. Can I ask you about the Chinese
currency of course that's been moving
from 706 703?
I mean it's about a week left before the
end of the year. Do we see seven at some
point?
>> It's very clear that China is trying to
hold back from that. They're trying to
stop market from betting the UN to break
seven. But it's inevitable and we know
that in the first quarter usually the UN
will strengthen seasonal factors. So
it's just a matter of time whether it's
2025 or it's 2026. It's going to
challenge seven in time. Best currency
play next year in 2026. Anything under
your mandate.
>> Yuan and the ringit.
>> That's long.
>> Yeah.
>> Long and both.
>> Yeah. Regardless of the dollar move,
both of them fundamentally strong.
>> Why? And why the ringit? Just quickly,
>> it's similar to China. It's actually
because of the trade surplus and the FDI
flows. And also if favor if a chi strong
Chinese UN will also favor a strong
ringot as well.
>> Fantastic. Thank you so much Steph and
Chu there with a really just a recap of
the yen, the yuan and uh his topics
including the yuan and the ringit. uh
our Bloomberg intelligent chief Asia FX
a great strategist there right uh coming
up here on shows we'll have a closer
look a deeper dive into the Hong Kong
property market so not just residential
although if we have time we'll get into
that of course things like offices for
example we've seen some big deals being
signed we have some great office space
coming online in the next few years here
in Hong Kong so will there be enough
takeup you as far as demand is concerned
who are the big players coming to the
market right now where's demand coming
from CBRE joins us in in a couple of
minutes for that conversation amid
science that a market question mark has
bottomed out. That's next. This is the
China show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're looking at A&H shares. Ha,
if you go from top to bottom there, uh,
China Bank averting a default for now. I
think this is one specific bond. We'll
get to the other bonds in a moment here,
but it has secured this last minute deal
and what that deal in support looks like
with creditors. Joining us here in set
to talk us through the progress that the
company's made, Minman correspondent is
here with us on set on what's what's
next now for for the company. So, the
company now has secured this 30-day
extension to its grace period. So,
within the 30 days, it has to pay up its
principal and interest on the bond that
was expired on December 15. If not, then
bond holders can call default unless
within that time frame, they are able to
come to an agreement with bond holders.
But again, they have already had several
meetings with bond holders. They have
put out a few proposals asking for
deferment of the principal payment by 12
months. Uh the first proposal was
really, really bad. There was no upfront
payment, no installments. The second
proposal had some credit enhancement and
yet still didn't pass the bond holders
uh support, right? They wanted they
needed 90% support. They only got 20%.
And here on this board, you can see they
have another bond due on December 28,
3.7 billion UN. They're also asking for
deferment of payment on that particular
bond as well. So the next few weeks will
be a really crucial test for Vanka
because if it defaults that could
trigger a cascading effect and cross
default on other bonds as well including
for offshore bond holders.
>> Can we can we take it that that might be
the same formula we'll see with the with
the upcoming one on the 28th because
that's one's always been in question
right?
>> Yeah. So that could be the same formula
and um it we will have to see. So the
next month is really a crucial window.
Um, but you have these onshore bond
holders. They have about, I believe,
about 13 billion yen worth of debt due
by the next 6 months. And they have 1.3
billion worth of offshore debt as well
that they have to pay. And the offshore
bond holders, I mean, it's being held by
important banks like UBS, Fidelity,
HSBC. Uh, I believe Fidelity is one of
those that told us they have already
diluted their holdings. Their holdings
are negligible now. The others haven't
responded to our request for comments,
but it's going to be quite critical
because if they default on the onshore
bonds, it would trigger the the the
cross default clause. And the offshore
bond holders basically are the least
advantageous given the structural
subordination. Uh which means that they
basically they can only lay claim to
assets owned by Vanka's offshore unit,
the the Hong Kong unit, which only owns
very little asset. basically one um
logistics company uh that's worth about
two over billion dollars in book value.
So on average analysts are saying that
offshore bond holders could recover
maybe about 20% of the value of their
bonds.
>> Okay Zero Minman thank you so much
Minman Lo our China correspondent there.
Let me borrow your paper because I need
some notes here. Thank you so much. Okay
uh let's turn our attention to Hong Kong
now. The reason I need my notes is a lot
of numbers are coming up on your screens
here. Right. So, we're looking at the
well, let's call it the office glut, but
the the big deals that are starting to
come in to fill the office space. Uh,
you have global multi strategy hedge
fund firm, of course, as you can see in
in yellow there. Uh, a sign a deal that
was just signed of course to IFC, quite
a big one there. Second largest prime
office lease in Hong Kong central
business district in more than more than
10 years now. It joins a lot of deep
pocketed financial firms and as you can
see the dates of signing across the last
let's call it 15 years or so the names
and where they have of course housed
their operations. Now that is that does
bring to mind this this glut of new
supply that's coming to market plus you
have the cost cutting firms at other
companies that have pushed up the
vacancy rates across prime office space
and depressed up until maybe recently
rental rates. Does that change? Have we
hit a bottom? Are there signs of a
strong bottom? And what is the outlook
going into 2026? Joining us here on set
is the head of valuation and advisory
services at CBRE Hong Kong, Hannah Jong.
Good morning. Very nice to see you.
>> So, h has the has the office market
bottomed out?
>> Um, I think Hong Kong has seen really
interesting market dynamic 2025. Okay.
It's hard to say bottom down because
Hong Kong we still have a multiple
supplies coming up in the next 10 years
especially for the office market but we
do see activities picking up especially
the leasing the one you mentioned IFC so
there was a UBS moving out from IFC in
the future to the XR station which is
now global gateway um that space has
been all fed up or waiting list so
technically IFC has only 2% of vacancy
That shows market is really active but
we do see still negative growth of
rental 70% of a vacancy concentration
are the buildings offering below $40
Hong Kong per square foot rental. So
those are second tier uh location not
necessary to be in central they are
underperforming but IFC or central
itself they are outperforming against
the market. So we do see rental growth
in turning positive in 2026 but overall
we are still looking at the negative
growth of office market.
>> So grade A office space let's just maybe
specify the actual category. What's the
current occupancy rate generally?
>> So vacancy is around 17%. And currently
yes yes
>> and the expectation is that goes down
>> next year we are going up further.
>> Oh because we have new stuff coming
online.
>> Yes. Correct. Yes.
>> Okay. Talk to us about we talked about
some of the big deals recently. Where is
where has the recent demand emerged
from? Who are the sort of the big groups
that are coming into the city and taking
up more space?
>> So a lot of activities now happening is
really the existing um tenant relocating
to better quality buildings or
consolidating different location into
one office. Okay.
>> So that's the activity we have seen the
Henderson the brand new um signature
building in Hong Kong flower. Yeah,
across the street.
>> So that that is almost 85% occupied. So
that shows a really good take up in
terms of people looking for the better
quality buildings. So that's one action.
But we do see IPO impact going forward.
So we have our over 100 um IPOs happen
in 2025 and that's the largest number in
compared to New York and any other
cities, right? So if they come to Hong
Kong now maybe they have a satellite
city uh offices small less than five
people but once the market goes up and
their their business grow then they
really expand the space within Hong
Kong. So that's one thing we have to pay
attention and then government pushing so
much effort on the waste management um
private equity fund hub um arbitration
centers those newcomers are expecting
coming up for 2025 uh six beyond but
scale will be quite smaller than what we
expected. Yeah.
>> A lot of these IPOs of course are
Chinese companies that are looking to do
listings in in in in the in Hong Kong.
Is this where the the demand is really
coming from? Mainland companies looking
to to set up uh space space in the city.
>> I think there are two major demand. One
is yes mainland occupiers they're
looking for setting up the new offices
in Hong Kong but again the scale may be
smaller in the beginning like less than
2,000 square foot. And second part is
really they're looking at the long-term
investment in Hong Kong. So we have seen
major deals happening. Um for example
JD.com they spent $3.5 billion dollar
Hong Kong to buying 50% of CCB tower in
central and then Alibaba they also
announced that they bought uh they were
they they signed a deal of 13 stories of
one causeway bay um the newly built
building by uh Mandarin Hotel. So that's
over 7 billion dollar. So those um
occupiers they look for the house which
can be very long-term they will buy at
this moment because it's almost a bottom
fishing market. So we do see two active
market one is coming to Hong Kong as a
new setup and they're looking for the
smaller office as a beginning but at the
same time those giant tech companies or
uh mainland bigger companies are looking
for buying bigger assets in Hong Kong
for the long-term investment as well.
>> What about the prices? Even if there's
demand that you're seeing, especially
more in the premium segment, are the
prices that companies are willing to pay
the same as what we saw say going back I
guess to to 2019.
>> Um definitely no. So I think the reason
they are buying at this moment is really
good price, right? Is good bargain. So
that make them make a good decision
right now. So for example, if CC CCB
tower JD.com DO bought at 29,000 per
square foot Hong Kong dollar if you
compare the Henderson the one we just
mentioned the flower shape building as a
new landmark the land price is there was
a 55,000 so you buy already built
product grade A office building within
central almost half price of what land
price used to be. So I think at this
moment the price level is really
reasonable and if people looking for the
long-term investment maybe this is the
right timing therefore they are looking
at the deals right now.
So you mentioned okay so there's the
premium segment and then there's this
second tier segment and you're saying
that there's a lot more vacancies in
this area. What happens uh for that
category do you think in 2026?
>> Um they still need to go through
adjustment in terms of rent. So $40 uh
below buildings that will have a
significant um competition in the
market. So some of um some of the rumor
we are saying oh some area if you grate
grade A office building you can still
enter below $20. So the competition is
quite severe but again once the
occupancy come to stabilize I think that
we we will see that the market will be
stabilized. Um 19% or 17% vacancy sounds
really big but if you compare with other
peer cities like China four main uh
first tier cities they are looking at
over 25%. So we are not that bad off and
also um if we stabilize we may ending up
close to 10%. I think that's a
reasonable adjustment given the
long-term historical in Hong Kong our
vacancy was always below 5%. That was
not healthy. A lot of company they can't
expand, they can't enter the Hong Kong
because of such a high occupation cost.
But once we reach at the stabiliz of 10%
I think that will actually help the
market uh Hong Kong as a more attractive
place to bring business back to Hong
Kong as well. you know that that's a
good point and by the way separately and
if you want to comment on it feel free
to do so I think we're just getting a
line coming through here uh the Chang
family is seeking to sell the London
Rosewood hotel and certainly there have
been conversations around the rosewood
generally speaking what assets asset
light of course is how much you actually
get from that separately on that too
right so it's a K11 skies which if
you've landed in Hong Kong airport or
taking off it's at massive mall but I
believe it's terminal one terminal two
it's at massive mall which is largely
empty. Um, so conversations around what
happens with retail space, but yes,
that's what we're hearing so far and we
will get more in information once we
information to you once we get more
details on on the story. But Hannah, let
me just bring you back on just one
question on offices and we can move on
to other parts of the market. So people
talk about this K-shaped recovery
globally. So you have the big
multinational conglomerates and then you
have effectively a suffering middle and
lower segments and you mentioned sort of
the second tier office market. People
are upgrading into better spaces, better
locations. Do you see demand in terms of
that middle that middle segment for
offices in Hong Kong?
>> I think most of companies still looking
for cost savings. So yes, we do have a
demand there. Okay. So if a grade a
office building lower rental because of
location whatsoever yes they have to go
through this transitional period but the
building is really getting old some some
clusters right and they may not call it
grade A. So government announced that
okay grade B grade C buildings now you
can convert to student host because we
we are increasing 14 students from 20%
to 40% quarter per um per all the
universities. So we will have more
student coming up. Can you guys convert
the existing building which is
non-performing into something else? And
then that policy came out this year. And
we do see number of activities on that
angle as well.
>> Bel Hannah we really can't let you go
without asking for for the many renters
in the Hong Kong market myself included.
What is the outlook for rental prices
next year?
>> So we do still see rental downside for
2026. So but it will be marginally
stabilized. So we are looking at about
minus 30% in overall but central though
we are looking at posible growth like 0
to 3%. Because so tight vacancy within
the top performing buildings technically
you can't enter anymore. So Leno's
positioning like especially Hong Kong
land they announced that okay no more um
rental concession as much as what we
offer before or uh Chongong etc. they
all in looking at the increase of asking
rent. So we will see quite different
dynamic between central versus other
districts.
>> Okay Hannah, thank you so much. Very
nice to see you. Happy new year.
>> Happy new year.
>> Hannah Jong there, head valuation and
advisory services at CBRE uh in Hong
Kong. Right. Uh just ahead here on the
China show, we're talking about Huawei.
They're pulling ahead, get this, in
China's luxury car race. We'll take a
closer look at this cool sedan and its
auto plats, broader auto plats later on
the show. Plenty more ahead. This is the
China show.
Welcome back. Well, here are some of the
major stories we're following. Cambodia
and Thailand have agreed to meet on
Wednesday to discuss conditions for a
ceasefire. The decision came after
foreign ministers from Southeast Asian
nations met in Koala Lumpa. At least 40
people have been killed and half a
million displaced since hostilities
resumed this month, ending a July truce
that halted an earlier round of
fighting.
President Trump says the US Navy will
build a new Trump class battleship. He
says they could build as many as 25
ships as part of the so-called Golden
Fleet. It's a bid to revive US ship
building and compete against China,
which makes the majority of the world's
ships. America has not built a heavy gun
battleship since the 1940s. And taking a
look at one of the big movers in the
space of this Hamwa Ocean is surging in
Soul today because during that press
conference, uh Trump did announce that
Hamwa Group or Hamwa Ocean would be
involved in this effort. Uh it is a
company as well that's pledged to
increase its investments in the US to
the tune of around5 billion US as part
of a bigger commitment that South Korea
is making to ship building in the
states. More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Right, it's just about a minute away
from the uh lunch break over in Tokyo.
Markets, equity markets specifically are
looking like this. A tenth of 1% to the
upside. That's on the NIK 225.
um at about these levels in case you
were living under Iraq for like 3 or 4
years. Uh we're up about 200% from I
think it was the bottom back in 2020.
Suffice to say it's done very very well
in price. Topics index is also doing
well. The banks of course on the back of
rate hike conversations 1.2% although
we're going the opposite way as far as
the uh the JGB yield curve is concerned.
We have seen success in days of course
of yields melting up. It's the opposite.
Curve is coming up on your screens.
We're down just about across the curve
from the twos all the way to the longer
end at the curve. Uh a lot of
conversations around the Japanese
currency had a big move down of course
stronger on the Japanese currency. Yen
cross is on your screens. Um and really
goes to show how close we are. That's
still an open question to direct
intervention in this market. Uh when you
look at how markets have been
positioning around the Japanese currency
coming up very shortly on your screens.
net bearish outstanding positions on the
Japanese currency leverage funds only.
So you have speculators, not so much
asset managers and actual users of of
the actual currency. But as you can see,
markets are net not just net bearish on
the currency, right? The biggest bearish
position going back to mid2024. That's
as of about 2 weeks ago the based on the
latest conversations and data. So why is
this important? Right? So markets have
been speculating of a recurrency. You're
getting push back now from officials. In
fact, the finance minister has issued
her strongest warning yet to
speculators, telling Bloomberg that
officials have a free hand to take
action. Tatsuki Katayyama spoke to us
exclusively over in Tokyo.
Foreign exchange markets don't move only
on interest rates or rate differentials.
Especially toward the end of the year
around Christmas, trading tends to get
thin and many factors can drive the
yen's moves. But the yen's sharp, very
short-term movement, right as the BOJ
governor began his press conference last
Friday, that was clearly not in line
with fundamentals, but rather
speculative. Against such moves, we have
made clear that we will take bold action
as stated in the Japan US Finance
Minister's joint statement.
Now that the Bank of Japan has moved to
raise interest rates, the next focus is
clearly on whether the government will
step in with foreign exchange
intervention. How do you see it?
>> We have an agreement with the United
States that allows us to intervene
whenever the yen makes an excessive
move. That means we have a free hand.
I don't know.
>> In the past, a finance official has
called a 10yen move in a little more
than a month excessive. So, what kind of
time frame and magnitude would you
consider a sharp or disorderly move? Is
there any benchmark you use to assess
that?
>> I can't say definitively whether there's
a benchmark or not. I worked closely
with currency chiefs during my 20 years
at the finance ministry, and I've stayed
in close touch with many of those who
came after I left. Each situation is
different, so it would be wrong to
expect the same pattern every time.
>> Trading tends to thin out around the
year end and new year period. Is it fair
to say that the authorities are fully
prepared to respond if
>> we're always ready to act? That goes
without saying.
>> When it comes to a question of a certain
degree of fiscal discipline, there are
various ways to interpret that. For
example, how much the government relies
on bond issuance or how much JGBs it'll
issue. Could you share a bit more on how
you're thinking about these points?
I can't give you specific numbers, but
even after the supplementary budget was
passed, we made it clear that the total
amount of government bond issuance,
which after all is what puts pressure on
the market, did not increase. At this
time, we're talking about the initial
budget for fiscal year 2026. We're
confident that it won't be something
that places an undue burden on the
market either.
Hi,
>> there are concerns in the market that
Japan's fiscal position may be
deteriorating. What message would you
like to send in response to those
concerns?
>> By switching to active fiscal policy, we
knew before we started that in the first
fiscal year, some of the finance numbers
would deteriorate. But that isn't the
problem. We've spent 10, 20, even 30
years in a situation where economic
growth barely picked up no matter what
we did. There's no point in just doing
the same things as before. We need to
make a decisive shift to concentrate
resources and boost our growth
potential. I believe we'll see a strong
pickup in investment next year. And if
you look at projected tax revenues for
next year and the year after, I think
what looks like fiscal deterioration now
will prove to be only temporary.
That was the Japanese finance minister
Satsuki Kayyama speaking exclusively
with Bloomberg's Takashi Umakawa in
Tokyo. And coming up we'll have a look
at New Zealand because it's standing to
gain or what it stands to gain from its
newly signed free trade deal with India.
Its trade minister Todd Mcclelay joins
us on inside with Hass Linda Amin.
That's at the top of the next hour. This
is Bloomberg.
Here are some of the stories we're
tracking today. An Alphabet shares
closed higher. That's after the company
says it's buying clean energy developer
Intersect Power for $4.75 billion in
cash plus existing debt. The move will
allow Alphabet to expand its AI data
center footprint. Aging US grids are
struggling to meet power demand that's
booming for the first time in decades,
thanks in part to artificial
intelligence.
We're keeping an eye on Wing Tech
shares. That's after its chairwoman
warned that global chip supplies remain
at risk unless the company's control
over Dutch chipmaker Nexia is restored.
Ruby Young has accused the Dutch
government of breaching a bilateral
investment treaty with China. The
dispute is raising questions about the
supply of components critical to the
automotive and consumer electronics
industries.
Let's state someone on AI and talk about
the funding part of the conversation.
Here you have Bank of America CEO Brian
Moahan talking about the US economy will
be strong going into 2026. A lot of that
is due in part to companies ramping up.
Speaking of AI, their AI investments. uh
he spoke to Bloomberg about the new
technologies growing economic benefits
and how we should maybe be prepared to
uh see the the economic fruits of that
exercise.
>> The investments been building during the
year and is probably a bigger
contributor next year and the years
beyond. And so if you look at the data
center buildout which is one of the ways
it evidence itself that's a big deal. If
you look at customer client spending
like us spending on AI that's higher
than it was last year but frankly
overall spending levels are shifting
towards that not necessarily growing at
a you know a mids singledigit rate type
of numbers. So I think that's part why
the reason we feel constructive for next
year. We think AI spending continues. We
think there's uh benefits to the
American uh uh taxpayer from tax rebates
lower taxes due to the uh tax bill going
through and being effective for next
year. uh and we think the expense uh
expensing and other bonuses for uh
businesses are good. So all that leads
to our confidence that we go from
basically a 2% type of growth letter
level this year plus or minus up to 2.4%
which is all due to that and AI is
kicking in more and more and so it's not
all attributed to AI but that's having a
marginal impact that's pretty strong.
>> So much of the American economy is
supported by the consumer and you at
Bank of America have a really powerful
viewpoint into the American consumer.
How's the American consumer doing?
because it has been very strong. There
have been some people saying it's
starting to slow down.
>> You have to step back. We look at
American consumers, 70 million
consumers, putting 4.5 trillion dollars
plus into the American economy every
year. And we we've tracked the way that
goes in the American economy for many
years. And so in the third quarter, it
was up about 5% over last year. As we
look at the fourth quarter here so far
in October, November, I'd say in a four
four and a half percent, which is very
consistent with a very solid growing
economy. it, you know, in the end of day
it's going to me work against wage
growth and we see in the underlying
consumers we have wage growth i.e.
paychecks are going up and so the labor
market's flattened out a little bit in
terms of job growth and things like
that. It's normalizing in terms of
unemployment, but you still see
underlying wage growth. So the American
consumer spending at you know 4ish% more
November this year versus November last
year is a very solid backdrop. The
credit quality American consumer strong
and then you hear a lot about this
discussion about different rates of
growth among different income tiles or
thirds. So if we look at the bottom
third, middle third and top third of
American income uh people in the Bank
America customer base, we do see
differences i.e. the higher income and
middle income are growing faster. But
the but even the lower income third is
is still growing and and that's all
good. And that means why is that true?
Companies are employing people. They're
paying people. Now the labor market's
got a little soft as we look forward at,
you know, 4.5 4.6 unemployment. You
know, that is gotten worse, so to speak,
than it was the beginning of the year.
But frankly, this goes back to the
normalization question. If you look at
the 10-year average unemployment, the
20-y year, the 30-year, 40-year, it's
five and six%, you know, as you go back
through time. And so, a 4 and a half to
4.6 unemployment rate is is, you know, a
very strong relative unemployment rate.
It's just a lot of years it's been below
4 and a.5% has actually been in the last
10 years. So, people are very used to
numbers now which were part of the
tightness in labor in the 2017 189 era.
Then you had the pandemic and it
retightened and so it's it's normalizing
but we feel good about all that and the
consumer's in pretty good shape.
>> That was the Bank of America CEO Brian
Moahan on Bloomberg's Wall Street Week
with David Weston. If you're a
subscriber and you want to rewatch that
interview, you definitely can via
interactive function. That's TV go. You
can also become part of the conversation
by sending us instant messages. So do
check it out at TV go. This is
Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. Let's talk about
cars. So, you're looking at the ultra
luxury sedan on a Huawei. And I guess in
terms of just relevance, right, it's
become the top selling car above
$100,000 US in China. It's beating out
brands like Porsche, Mercedes-Benz. It's
built as a rival to a Rolls-Royce or
even a Bentley. And it comes with
features such as auto parking, crystal
buttons if ever you think you needed to
complete your life with something like
that.
uh joining us here in set to talk about
the car, the prospects, what people are
saying about this and could this
actually have more a longer road ahead,
no pun intended or pun intended. Linda
Lou is here with us, our Asia transport
reporter. Can I just ask you to begin
with how do you pronounce the name uh of
of this? So I can say S800, but how do
you pronounce the other one?
>> Yes. So I think it's pronounced Huawei
Mestro.
>> Maestro,
>> which is a play on the word maestro.
Yes.
>> With an X.
>> Yes. With an X. Yes.
>> Okay. How much does it go for?
>> So, it starts from 700,000 yen in China.
Yep.
>> And and clearly it's doing well. Talk to
us about demand.
>> It's doing very well. I think uh not a
lot of people expected it to kind of run
out of the gate. It was only launched uh
half a year ago and now it's already out
selling uh the Porsche Panamera as well
as the BMW uh 7 series. Essentially,
it's topped the sales chart for luxury
sedans that's priced at $100,000
and above. And that's something that no
other Chinese brand has done before. For
mass market brands like BYD and Tesla,
you see them really driving this
transition to EVs. But the luxury
segment was where the legacy brands
still had a lot of power.
>> Yeah. Okay. So the we're looking at we
mentioned that Rolls-Royce, Porsche,
even the Mayback for example, it's still
quite a bit in terms of the price though
from there. So what how is this being
marketed as an ultra luxury car and
talk to us about the target market of
this car? Because you go from a Panamera
to this specific sedan to a Maybback.
Those are almost completely different
sets of buyers if you will.
>> Yeah, that is true. I would say the
Panamera may be a little bit more sporty
whereas the Maybag is more for business
executives.
>> Okay.
>> So, I think the micro probably targets
itself to similar uh market segment as
the Mayback. So, business executives in
China and especially people who are
wanting to try new things um but still
enjoy those touches of luxury. So, you
get the topofthe- line Huawei technology
in this car, the most advanced uh
driving assistance technology. You have
auto parking. The doors are open
themselves and the windows will tint
when you just wave your hands inside.
So, this really kind of futuristic
technology that's been added to a car
that still has a lot of the conventional
uh premium touches you still would see
in a Rolls-Royce.
>> Yeah. And there's also a door handle. Um
anyway, uh triple screen dashboard,
40-in movie projector, crystal buttons,
30 sensors that the doors open
automatically. And this was a car that
was launched just a few months ago and
from a company that previously was not
known to make cars. Talk to us about
Huawei and it's sort of the new
contender in the space here.
>> Yeah, so the car was launched in May and
uh Huawei produced this car with its
manufacturing partner JAC Group
>> which actually previously was probably
more known for its trucks. So really
seeing Huawei transforming these uh
Chinese automakers that were previously
probably more known for producing
affordable models or commercial vehicles
and now Huawei's uh brand cache you know
being associated with a domestic
champion has really lifted these
products into these luxury segments and
that's something that Huawei has done
really well. You have BYD also trying to
crack this market with its uh Yang Wong
series uh that's priced uh around 1
million yen, but uh BYD hasn't been able
to sell as many of its Yang Wong
vehicles as the Huawei has done with its
ITO and Mstro brands.
>> Okay. Well, um something to something to
maul for Christmas. Not not for me.
Okay. Um ju just because I don't have
the money for this. Thank you so much,
Linda Lou there. Uh our age transport
reporter. I actually haven't owned a car
in a very long time. That's just uh just
don't need to, right? I like to walk,
right? Get your steps in. What are we
doing now? 15,000 steps. Okay. And it's
only 10:47 and I've been sitting for two
hours. Anyway, an automaker is also in
focus in today's big take. It details
the development of Tesla's electric
doors and how engineers, speaking of
what we just maybe alluded to just now
here, uh had previously raised safety
concerns about them. You can read about
it now on the terminal. It's also via
the function. It's on the terminal. It's
via ni big take. It's also on the
website and also on bloomberg.com.
Belle.
>> Yeah, Dave. Definitely an investigation
that's been ongoing here at Bloomberg.
Uh but let's also take a look at some of
the other stories we're tracking today
because Nova Nordisk has been a big one.
A jumping in late trade after it secured
FDA approval for a pill version of its
weight loss shot Wiggoi. The pills
expected to launch in the US in early
January. And the product is crucial for
Novo strategy to take on Eli Liy, which
has set its own oral obesity drug could
be approved by March.
JP Morgan is said to be considering
offering cryptocurrency trading to its
institutional clients. Bloomberg's
learned the bank is assessing what
products and services it could offer to
expand its footprint in crypto. The move
is a sign of how banks have warmed up to
digital assets since a crypto-friendly
administration took office.
JB Morgan asset management is launching
a private fund designed to maximize
after tax returns by generating losses.
A talk attack a source says the tax
smart discipline equity longsh short
strategy takes bullish positions in a
basket of stocks while also betting
against certain companies. So-called
taxaware investment is becoming one of
the hottest trends in wealth management
as clients seek to reduce their tax
bills. Dave, maybe you should look into
that if you're trying to save up for a
car then.
Well, if you have no income, you have no
tax right there. So, I think that that's
a problem I don't have to worry about.
>> Solves that one for you.
>> Well, speaking of reduces,
right? I didn't even do it deliberately.
Um, I guess it's a it's a life choice,
isn't it? U speaking of uh reducing
things, uh let's talk about the Fed and
interest rates. So, we've had three
cuts. Uh you had Fed Governor Steven um
obviously on the doubbish side of
things. uh talking about a central bank
risks uh sparking a recession, a US
recession, unless it continues lowering
interest rates going into 2026. Uh he
also told Bloomberg that the data on
housing costs was actually impacted by
the government shutdown.
It is true that the shelter stuff was
somewhat distorted by some of the quirks
of the of recovering from the shutdown.
Um, but it's also true that the shelter
data were distorted for most of the year
because of really long lags with which
shelter inflation is calculated. If you
look at market rents, they've been
running at about a 1% rate for about 2
years now, right? That's not indicative
of any price pressures in housing
whatsoever, but it takes a really long
time for measured shelter inflation to
catch up to that just because of various
quirks of the statistical measurement
process that I got into my speech last
week. So, I do think there was maybe
some downward bias in last week's print,
but at the same time, there's been tons
of upward bias in data for the entire
year, and it's inappropriate to say,
okay, well, we have to adjust for the
downward bias, but we're going to accept
the upward bias. That itself is a deeply
biased position. We got to be clear,
right about both.
>> Well, do you feel like yourself
included, but do you feel like members
of the Fed are cherrypicking what about
inflation they like or dislike? Well, I
mean, you know, I think that for the
last few months, we've had data come out
in accordance with, I think, my view of
the world. The inflation data has
steadily come in cooler than
expectations. The unemployment rate has
has poked up potentially above where
people thought it was going to go. And
so, we've had data that should push
people into a dovish direction. And I
think it's somewhat problematic if you
see those data coming out and you don't
adjust your policy prescriptions in a
dovish direction. What does that say
about the reactiveness of policy to the
economy? It, you know, I think it looks
very, it reflects very poorly upon the
institution. At the end of that speech
at Colombia, you nodded to the fact that
uh recessions are inevitable. Fed's job
is to kind of forstall them as much as
as they can. Policy makers jobs are that
I'm I'm very curious when you look at
the labor market in particular, the rise
that we've seen in the unemployment
rate. That's kind of rise we've seen
customarily before recessions. How do
you assess the the risk of there being a
recession here in the near term when you
look at the labor market for instance?
>> So I don't see a recession in the near
term in part because we are adjusting
our policy rate uh by lowering it which
is appropriate. uh you know my view as
I've as I've described is that a ve a a
variety of shocks that hit the economy
you know including changes to the
population growth rate due to changes in
the border policy have pushed what we
call the neutral rate down and that
policy needs to adjust downward to
reflect that downward shift in neutral
if we don't adjust policy down then I
think that we do run risks of rising
recess of rising recessions I don't
think it's too late to prevent that and
so I think it's important that we keep
on adjusting our policy rate down but at
the moment it's not my base case in part
because I think that we ultimately will
end up adjust continuing to adjust
interest rates down.
>> Right. The latest there um on the Fed
conversation from uh with with Steven
Myron of course Fed Fed Governor and
they were the colleagues uh in in the
US. Okay. Uh just before we wrap up the
show today uh just look at some of the
movers we're tracking specific names. So
Quai is really to the downside. last we
check was one of the if not the biggest
points uh drags on the on the benchmark
itself on a percentage basis certainly
it's coming up on your screen so you do
understand why it is one of the bigger
losers as far as that is concerned um
there was a hack shortened details it
disclosed
um some cyber security issues to the
police that's probably what's down
what's pushing the move to the downside
Xiaomi separately u and this might or
may or may not so I'm Dis may or may not
have to do with the price move, but the
company says uh according to a
spokesperson that it has no ties with
the Chinese military. Of course, if you
recall a few days back, one of the
stories of course is the Pentagon list
annual one. U and any Chinese firms that
might have ties with the Chinese
military, the companies come out and
said, "Nope, no ties uh w with the
military." Uh the other big story we're
tracking in fact just in the last few
minutes is on New World and the the
continuing conversation specifically
around the Rosewood brand. Uh and we
understand that based on our sourcing is
that the London Rosewood Hotel
specifically is is is is up for sale.
We're flat on the stock itself. Bill.
>> Yeah, this has been well, it's one of
the 58 Rosewood properties worldwide,
but certainly would be a really big
flagship for them. That's located in the
Hullburn uh district in London. But also
just taking a look broader markets
today. It's relatively quiet across the
board, but we are seeing the Hong Kong
session here in focus uh given that we
are yeah again pretty flat. But let's
take a look at the broader gauge as
well, the Msei Asia Pacific index
because we have seen some optimism and
this expectation that Santa Claus rally
still looks to be intact as we head
through the week uh ahead of course
holiday trading. But more ahead, this is
Bloomberg.